

Add More PowerUps
add power up that increases gun reload speed
refine power up that adds a gun (should maybe be aquired after reaching a certain score rather then a pickup)
Players need to bounce off eachother

power up ideas
maybe a projectile that multiplies when it hits enemy
sine wave
orbit shield thing that activates for a bit
shield so when you get hit you dont die but you do lose the shield - done

Add score manager - prolly singleton again for saving data and stuff

Add spawn indicators for enemies. Make a rect to represent the graphics device viewport area. have enemies spawn a indicator texture along the path from them to their target on an x or Y cord of the viewport rect. while the enemies x or y is outside the viewport rect show the indicator. use just a bool that checks pos for this


Was working on gun upgrades and created a whole complex system to add guns through powerups to player, then realized i could literally just store all the guns in the player and only set them to active when the player collides with a power up. Very good reminder lesson to think less like a designer and more like a programmer lol.

I also think i tried to use a programming pattern where one was not needed, I thought "Oh! guns would be a great place to put the decorator to use" but actually it really doesnt need to be a decorator as there is a limit to the gun upgrades anyways to


I want to change the score to time, as the core focus of the game seems to be about staying alive. The guns seem offensive but really they help you stave off death longer. especially since this is an arcade game I feel it should always result in death anyways.

Rotate Rectangles With Sprite Rotation (write a rotation matrix) - fixed cuz doing pixel collision it doesnt matter

Timer needs to be polished if decide to stay. Add 0's to single digits, limit decimal place of milliseconds shown. Also timer resets upon loading of game scene, so even when u just pause and resume. Fix this if decide to stay.

